docs/sources/README.md, before:

how would this set of sources look like as a markdown table or two? 

# Primary Sources

- Agate Avenue – Signal Warrant Study and Operational Assessment 
    - Link [PDF](pdf/AgateSignalWarrant_250619r_signed.pdf)
    - Date captured: 2026-02-13
    - Source date: 2025-06-19
    - Author: Dan Cokley - Principal Engineer at SGM
    - Why: This report contains a detailed analysis on the traffic volumes at 4th and 6th street. It includes the firms overall findings as well as a surplus of their result tables. 

- Mesa St & Agate Ave (US 40) – Pedestrian Crossing Analysis
    - Link [PDF](pdf/Mesa&Agate_RRFB_Memo.pdf)
    - Date captured: 2026-02-13
    - Source date: 2025-05-02
    - Author: Eric Mahoney, EI - Dan Cokley, PE
    - Why: This report contains the pedestrian crossing analysis on mesa st. Contains their observed values on pedestrian volume and their methods of scaling these values based on the time of year. 

# Supplemental Sources

- Sky-Hi News: Grand County sees its deadliest year on roadways in a decade
    - Type: Web
    - Link: [direct link](https://www.skyhinews.com/news/grand-county-sees-its-deadliest-year-on-roadways-in-a-decade/)
    - Link: [HTML file](web/2026-02-01-sky_hi_news_grand_county_crashes.html)
    - Date captured: 2026-02-01
    - Source date: 2025-12-31
    - Author: Gino Savaria
    - Why: Provides a lot of background information on fatal accidents in Grand County. 

- Sky-Hi News: How will Grand County make its roads safer?
    - Type: Web
    - Link: [direct link](https://www.skyhinews.com/news/how-will-grand-county-make-its-roads-safer/)
    - Link: [HTML file](web/2026-02-01-sky_hi_news_grand_county_safety_symposium.html)
    - Date captured: 2026-02-01
    - Source date: 2025-12-12
    - Author: Gino Savaria
    - Why: Lots of detail information on the safety symposium held by Grand County officials. Also includes a 2 hour youtube video of the event.

- Grandby Comprehensive Master Plan 2023
    - Type: PDF
    - Link: [direct link](https://www.townofgranby.com/vertical/sites/%7B89161B06-4754-446C-B6BF-16585CE8AB42%7D/uploads/Granby_Comprehensive_Plan_Final_07_2023.pdf)
    - Link: [PDF](pdf/Granby_Comprehensive_Plan_Final_07_2023.pdf)
    - Date captured: 2026-02-08
    - Source date: 2023-07-01
    - Author: Town of Grandby
    - Why: This source is huge but outlines a multi year roadmap for the town of Grandby. I believe it includes information that will be relevant to the rec center project. I think it's worth having as a solid reference and source to get background information on this towns goals. 

- Ski-Hi News: Residents in the Granby north service area could see their water rates increase up to 50% in 2024
    - Type: Web
    - Link [direct link](https://www.skyhinews.com/news/residents-in-the-granby-north-service-area-could-see-their-water-rates-increase-up-to-50-in-2024/)
    - Link: [HTML file](web/2026-02-17-sky_hi_news_granby_water_rate_increase.html)
    - Date captured: 2026-02-17
    - Source date: 2023-11-10
    - Author: Emily Gutierrez
    - Why: This article has an image of the planned Granby Market Square. This is relevant because it lies on the intersection of Agate avenue and 4th street. One of the exact intersections of interest for us. 

- Youtube: Synchro Tutorial for Beginners Part 1 - Signal Controller 
    - Link [direct link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GgTPlmVBkfs&t=1s)
    - Date captured: 2026-02-24
    - Source date: 2025-12-27
    - Author: Traffic Trainer
    - Why: This youtube channel has two videos, 15 minutes total, on setting up an intersection and simulating it in Synchro. It helps explain a lot of the tables we have in our reports and the kind of stuff SGM was doing during their own analysis. 

- Ski-Hi News: Flashing crosswalk coming to Agate and Mesa
    - Link [direct link](https://www.skyhinews.com/news/new-flashing-crosswalk-coming-to-highway-40-and-mesa-street-intersection-in-granby/)
    - Link [HTML file](web/2026-03-01-sky_hi_news_mesa_flashing_crossingwalk.html)
    - Date captured: 2026-03-01
    - Source date: 2025-05-31
    - Author: Emily Gutierrez
    - Why: This article details the traffic calming plans for Mesa and Agate, with some useful financial info we wouldn't otherwise have.

Commit message:

add sgm mesa proposal and speedlimit screenshots

docs/sources/README.md, after:

# Primary Sources

- Agate Avenue – Signal Warrant Study and Operational Assessment 
    - Link [PDF](pdf/AgateSignalWarrant_250619r_signed.pdf)
    - Date captured: 2026-02-13
    - Source date: 2025-06-19
    - Author: SGM - Dan Cokley - Principal Engineer
    - Why: This report contains a detailed analysis on the traffic volumes at 4th and 6th street. It includes the firms overall findings as well as a surplus of their result tables. 

- Mesa St & Agate Ave (US 40) – Pedestrian Crossing Analysis
    - Link [PDF](pdf/Mesa&Agate_RRFB_Memo.pdf)
    - Date captured: 2026-02-13
    - Source date: 2025-05-02
    - Author: SGM - Eric Mahoney, EI - Dan Cokley, PE
    - Why: This report contains the pedestrian crossing analysis on mesa st. Contains their observed values on pedestrian volume and their methods of scaling these values based on the time of year. 

# Supplemental Sources

- Sky-Hi News: Grand County sees its deadliest year on roadways in a decade
    - Type: Web
    - Link: [direct link](https://www.skyhinews.com/news/grand-county-sees-its-deadliest-year-on-roadways-in-a-decade/)
    - Link: [HTML file](web/2026-02-01-sky_hi_news_grand_county_crashes.html)
    - Date captured: 2026-02-01
    - Source date: 2025-12-31
    - Author: Gino Savaria
    - Why: Provides a lot of background information on fatal accidents in Grand County. 

- Sky-Hi News: How will Grand County make its roads safer?
    - Type: Web
    - Link: [direct link](https://www.skyhinews.com/news/how-will-grand-county-make-its-roads-safer/)
    - Link: [HTML file](web/2026-02-01-sky_hi_news_grand_county_safety_symposium.html)
    - Date captured: 2026-02-01
    - Source date: 2025-12-12
    - Author: Gino Savaria
    - Why: Lots of detail information on the safety symposium held by Grand County officials. Also includes a 2 hour youtube video of the event.

- Grandby Comprehensive Master Plan 2023
    - Type: PDF
    - Link: [direct link](https://www.townofgranby.com/vertical/sites/%7B89161B06-4754-446C-B6BF-16585CE8AB42%7D/uploads/Granby_Comprehensive_Plan_Final_07_2023.pdf)
    - Link: [PDF](pdf/Granby_Comprehensive_Plan_Final_07_2023.pdf)
    - Date captured: 2026-02-08
    - Source date: 2023-07-01
    - Author: Town of Grandby
    - Why: This source is huge but outlines a multi year roadmap for the town of Grandby. I believe it includes information that will be relevant to the rec center project. I think it's worth having as a solid reference and source to get background information on this towns goals. 

- Ski-Hi News: Residents in the Granby north service area could see their water rates increase up to 50% in 2024
    - Type: Web
    - Link [direct link](https://www.skyhinews.com/news/residents-in-the-granby-north-service-area-could-see-their-water-rates-increase-up-to-50-in-2024/)
    - Link: [HTML file](web/2026-02-17-sky_hi_news_granby_water_rate_increase.html)
    - Date captured: 2026-02-17
    - Source date: 2023-11-10
    - Author: Emily Gutierrez
    - Why: This article has an image of the planned Granby Market Square. This is relevant because it lies on the intersection of Agate avenue and 4th street. One of the exact intersections of interest for us. 

- Youtube: Synchro Tutorial for Beginners Part 1 - Signal Controller 
    - Link [direct link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GgTPlmVBkfs&t=1s)
    - Date captured: 2026-02-24
    - Source date: 2025-12-27
    - Author: Traffic Trainer
    - Why: This youtube channel has two videos, 15 minutes total, on setting up an intersection and simulating it in Synchro. It helps explain a lot of the tables we have in our reports and the kind of stuff SGM was doing during their own analysis. 

- Ski-Hi News: Flashing crosswalk coming to Agate and Mesa
    - Link [direct link](https://www.skyhinews.com/news/new-flashing-crosswalk-coming-to-highway-40-and-mesa-street-intersection-in-granby/)
    - Link [HTML file](web/2026-03-01-sky_hi_news_mesa_flashing_crossingwalk.html)
    - Date captured: 2026-03-01
    - Source date: 2025-05-31
    - Author: Emily Gutierrez
    - Why: This article details the traffic calming plans for Mesa and Agate, with some useful financial info we wouldn't otherwise have. 

- Mesa St & Agate Ave - Project Proposal and Cost Breakdown
    - Link [PDF](pdf/sgm-mesa-pedestrian-crossing-proposal.pdf)
    - Date captured: 2026-03-01
    - Source date: 2025-05-07
    - Author: SGM - Dan Cokley - Principal Engineer
    - Why: Contains specific details about the final proposal for Mesa and an itemized breakdown of the anticipated costs for the project.
