docs/knowledge-log.md, before:

# Overview

## Project goal

## Current understanding

## Known limitations and assumptions

## Top open questions

# Historic log entries

- 2026-02-17
    - Learned:
        - The town has had a lot of previous work from CDOT and SGM on various traffic calming measures on some key intersections on Agate avenue. Agate avenue IS highway 40 and runs through the center of town. 6th street is the first one someone would encounter off of the highway and 4th avenue is the next intersection. 
        - The documents provided to us on Friday both examine the necessity of traffic calming measures such as street lights and use observed vehicle and pedestrian counts across 3 days to make their assessments. The larger of the two documents is a signal warrant study for 4th and 6th street and compares their observed counts to the criteria set by 8 different warrants. Some of these pertain to traffic volume, some pedestrian, some are accident related. Only one needs to pass to justify a light and the first 3 related to traffic volume all passed. None of the others were applicable or met the criteria to pass. 
        - The warrant study also examined other possible traffic calming measures, such as bulbouts, roundabouts, flashing pedestrian lights and others. They found the other options infeasible for a variety of reasons. Roundabouts were cost prohibitive, and the pedestrian lights and other measures were solving problems that didn't exist at those intersections such as speeding or accidents (1, page 21). Accidents in Granby don't tend to happen IN town and occur around Grand county itself (2). 
        - Pedestrian crossing across agate seems useless on 6th street due to there being nothing on the other side, just a fence and a hill. 4th street however does have stuff on the other side, such as a cafe. 
        - Agate avenue is quite wide, having essentially 5 lanes for a pedestrian to cross at points. There are crosswalks at 4th street but no stopsigns on the main road, having only yield signs up. 
        - It appears that traffic modeling was performed using a proprietary tool called [Synchro](https://www.cubic.com/transportation/products/intelligent-transportation-solutions/intersection-optimization/synchro-studio#contact-us). This may be a problem when it comes to doing our own modeling...
    -  Evidence:
        - [1, Agate Signal Warrant Analysis](sources/pdf/AgateSignalWarrant_250619r_signed.pdf)
        - [2, Sky Hi News Grand County Crashes](sources/web/2026-02-01-sky_hi_news_grand_county_crashes.html)
    - Thoughts:
        It is currently unclear to me what kind of work we will be doing on this project. Are we going to be replicating these results? Going beyond them? If we're replicating how do we learn the modeling techniques used by SGM and CDOT? It seems to use software appears to be proprietary. My understanding is our results will help back up the decision to install new streetlights, but what will those results be and how will we collect them? 

- 2026-02-12
    - Learned: 
        - Granby is a small town of around 2200 people on only 12.7 square miles of land. (page 20)
        - Its population skews slightly older than Colorado overall with a median age of 42 vs. Colorado's 38. Popular retirement location. (page 21)
        - About half the housing units in Granby are owned by second home or seasonal homeowners. These homes are classified as vacant. (page 20)
        - Median household income $75k, slightly below Colorado median of $77k. (page 21)
        - Though Granby is known for its incredible outdoor recreational options, there is a demand for an indoor rec center that accommodates activities harder to do outdoors. (page 98)
            - Swimming, gymnasiums, etc.
        - The town has limited staff for recreational programs and park maintenance. (page 23)
        - A possible location for said rec center would be south-east of Kaibab park. (pages 95-96)
        - This is a **HIGH PRIORITY** project with a planned project length of around 1-3 years. (Page 132)
        - Possible funding from Great Outdoors Colorado (GOCO)? (page 132)
    - Evidence: [Granby Comprehensive Plan](sources/pdf/Granby_Comprehensive_Plan_Final_07_2023.pdf)

- 2026-02-01
    - Learned: Last year was one of Grand County's deadliest with regards to traffic fatalities. Of the 45 deaths that have occurred from 2015-2025, 11 of them were in 2025 alone. One of the biggest reasons was a lack of seatbelts. According to [2], victims were unbelted in half of these cases.  Other reasons for these deaths include extreme speeding, illegal lane changes and dangerous passing behavior. These are particularly dangerous on the long, narrow winding rows present in the county. These roads also get way busier than they were ever intended to become in ski season. Law enforcement enacted a zero-tolerance policy on traffic violations back in August in response to this. Alongside this are a ton of different plans and proposed legislation. 
    - Evidence: [1](sources/web/2026-02-01-sky_hi_news_grand_county_crashes.html) [2](sources/web/2026-02-01-sky_hi_news_grand_county_safety_symposium.html)
    - Open questions: Though I found a lot of information related to fatal traffic accidents, I found nothing about pedestrian fatalities. What am I missing here?

Commit message:

begin further examination of mesa street plans

docs/knowledge-log.md, after:

# Overview

## Project goal

## Current understanding

## Known limitations and assumptions

## Top open questions

# Historic log entries

- 2026-03-01
    - Author: Brady
    - Learned: 
        - Light is being installed at 4th street, 6th street diversion appears to be the gameplan. 
        - Bulbout is being installed on Mesa. 
        - 4th street work is estimated to cost $986k, with the signal itself running for about $240k of that total (1). 
    - Evidence
        - [1, Probable cost of 4th street work](sources/pdf/377_AGATESIGNAL-SAQ&EOPC-CONCEPT.pdf)

- 2026-02-24
    - Author: Brady
    - Learned:
        - The Synchro software that SGM used is quite sophisticated. I found a few recent videos from a small Youtube channel that shows how easy it is to set up intersections and simulate different scenarios. The real upside to this was big wins on the glossary front, the reports tables are all now quite readable and a new understanding of their relevance has been gained. 
        - Overall a small log update, but a huge win for progress moving forward. 
        - Open Questions: What is the actual traffic signal that's being created? Depending on where it is it really changes what aspects of this report are relevant. How do we use the traffic volumes for pedestrian safety? We have this lack of overlap between the two reports, how do we bridge that? 
    - Evidence:
        - [Traffic Trainer Youtube link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GgTPlmVBkfs&t=1s)

- 2026-02-17
    - Author: Brady
    - Learned:
        - The town has had a lot of previous work from CDOT and SGM on various traffic calming measures on some key intersections on Agate avenue. Agate avenue IS highway 40 and runs through the center of town. 6th street is the first one someone would encounter off of the highway and 4th avenue is the next intersection. 
        - The documents provided to us on Friday both examine the necessity of traffic calming measures such as street lights and use observed vehicle and pedestrian counts across 3 days to make their assessments. The larger of the two documents is a signal warrant study for 4th and 6th street and compares their observed counts to the criteria set by 8 different warrants. Some of these pertain to traffic volume, some pedestrian, some are accident related. Only one needs to pass to justify a light and the first 3 related to traffic volume all passed. None of the others were applicable or met the criteria to pass. 
        - The warrant study also examined other possible traffic calming measures, such as bulbouts, roundabouts, flashing pedestrian lights and others. They found the other options infeasible for a variety of reasons. Roundabouts were cost prohibitive, and the pedestrian lights and other measures were solving problems that didn't exist at those intersections such as speeding or accidents (1, page 21). Accidents in Granby don't tend to happen IN town and occur around Grand county itself (2). 
        - Pedestrian crossing across agate seems useless on 6th street due to there being nothing on the other side, just a fence and a hill. 4th street however does have stuff on the other side, such as a cafe. 
        - Agate avenue is quite wide, having essentially 5 lanes for a pedestrian to cross at points. There are crosswalks at 4th street but no stopsigns on the main road, having only yield signs up. 
        - It appears that traffic modeling was performed using a proprietary tool called [Synchro](https://www.cubic.com/transportation/products/intelligent-transportation-solutions/intersection-optimization/synchro-studio#contact-us). This may be a problem when it comes to doing our own modeling...
    -  Evidence:
        - [1, Agate Signal Warrant Analysis](sources/pdf/AgateSignalWarrant_250619r_signed.pdf)
        - [2, Sky Hi News Grand County Crashes](sources/web/2026-02-01-sky_hi_news_grand_county_crashes.html)
    - Thoughts:
        It is currently unclear to me what kind of work we will be doing on this project. Are we going to be replicating these results? Going beyond them? If we're replicating how do we learn the modeling techniques used by SGM and CDOT? It seems to use software appears to be proprietary. My understanding is our results will help back up the decision to install new streetlights, but what will those results be and how will we collect them? 

- 2026-02-12
    - Author: Brady
    - Learned: 
        - Granby is a small town of around 2200 people on only 12.7 square miles of land. (page 20)
        - Its population skews slightly older than Colorado overall with a median age of 42 vs. Colorado's 38. Popular retirement location. (page 21)
        - About half the housing units in Granby are owned by second home or seasonal homeowners. These homes are classified as vacant. (page 20)
        - Median household income $75k, slightly below Colorado median of $77k. (page 21)
        - Though Granby is known for its incredible outdoor recreational options, there is a demand for an indoor rec center that accommodates activities harder to do outdoors. (page 98)
            - Swimming, gymnasiums, etc.
        - The town has limited staff for recreational programs and park maintenance. (page 23)
        - A possible location for said rec center would be south-east of Kaibab park. (pages 95-96)
        - This is a **HIGH PRIORITY** project with a planned project length of around 1-3 years. (Page 132)
        - Possible funding from Great Outdoors Colorado (GOCO)? (page 132)
    - Evidence: [Granby Comprehensive Plan](sources/pdf/Granby_Comprehensive_Plan_Final_07_2023.pdf)

- 2026-02-01
    - Author: Brady
    - Learned: Last year was one of Grand County's deadliest with regards to traffic fatalities. Of the 45 deaths that have occurred from 2015-2025, 11 of them were in 2025 alone. One of the biggest reasons was a lack of seatbelts. According to [2], victims were unbelted in half of these cases.  Other reasons for these deaths include extreme speeding, illegal lane changes and dangerous passing behavior. These are particularly dangerous on the long, narrow winding rows present in the county. These roads also get way busier than they were ever intended to become in ski season. Law enforcement enacted a zero-tolerance policy on traffic violations back in August in response to this. Alongside this are a ton of different plans and proposed legislation. 
    - Evidence: [1](sources/web/2026-02-01-sky_hi_news_grand_county_crashes.html) [2](sources/web/2026-02-01-sky_hi_news_grand_county_safety_symposium.html)
    - Open questions: Though I found a lot of information related to fatal traffic accidents, I found nothing about pedestrian fatalities. What am I missing here?
